# Ecommerce Console Application
This is a console-based ecommerce application that allows users to manage products, purchase and order products, and view product information. The application is built using Go.

# Getting Started
To get started with the application, follow these steps:

1) Clone the repository to your local machine.

2) Run the application by running the folowing code:
```css
docker build -t ecommerceapp . && docker run --rm -i ecommerceapp
```
# Commands
The following commands are available in the application:

**`save_product {product_id} {product_name} {price}`**: Add a new product to the catalog or modify an existing one. The catalog sets the selling price.

Example: **`save_product prod001 iphone 2800`**

`purchase_product {product_id} {quantity} {price}`: Purchase a product, increasing its balance based on the specified quantity.

Example: **`purchase_product prod001 10 2500`**

**`order_product {product_id} {quantity}`**: Place an order for the product, decreasing its balance according to the specified quantity.

Example: **`order_product prod001 3`**

**`get_quantity_of_product {product_id}`**: Return the remaining quantity of a specific product.

Example: **`get_quantity_of_product prod001`** returns 7

**`get_average_price {product_id}`**: Calculate and display the average price of a specific product based on its purchase history.

Example: **`get_average_price prod001`** returns 2800

**`get_product_profit {product_id}`**: Calculate and display the profit earned from a specific product by comparing the average purchase price with the average order price.

Example: **`get_product_profit prod001`** returns 900

**`get_fewest_product`**: Return the name of the product with the lowest remaining quantity. If there is more than one such product, return any one.

Example: **`get_fewest_product`** returns iphone

**`get_most_popular_product`**: Return the name of the product with the highest number of orders. If there is more than one such product, return any one.

Example: **`get_most_popular_product`** returns iphone

**`exit`**: Close the console application.

Bonus Tasks
These bonus tasks are optional and not required to complete the main assignment:

**`get_orders_report`**: Generate a report of all orders, including the product ID, product name, quantity, price, cost of goods sold (COGS) and selling price.

**`export_orders_report {path/file.csv}`**: Export the report generated by the get_orders_report command to a CSV file at the specified file path.
